this is perhaps the best ice cream in
the world Brahma has been very popular
in Turin for several years this is
partly due to the ice cream makers motto
they want to make old-fashioned ice
cream with a natural taste that includes
using traditional steel containers which
keep the ice cream at just the right
temperature so is to try to make the
best gelato of the world to do that the
philosophy is very simple to buy best
raw materials and to manage agriculture
when it's possible as well as not using
any kind of aroma any type of chemical
additive into the gelato from focuses on
carefully selected natural ingredients
from special regions and the ice cream
sells well although it is a bit more
expensive than the competition at 2
euros 50 for a small cone it's very
creamy it's never frozen too hard and I
like the variety of flavors it's always
fresh wherever I go I'll stop if there's
a grown shop
Guido Martinez and Federico Grom have
been growing their own fruit for two
years near Asti in northern Italy they
follow strict organic criteria
following our dream to make the best
gelato of the world that we needed to
make our own farm to make through it
with quality and not in quantities so
the idea is to make the best quality as
possible and without following the idea
to make the mat and the major quantities
possible character the fresh ingredients
are turned into finished ice cream
mixtures in turin and then sent out to
all the different shops the
disadvantages of long distances and
centralized production are weighed by
guaranteed quality because I cannot have
different materials in New York during
or Milan or Tokyo and I worked them here
then I sent the liquid the gelato to
every shop and then the jalopies with
fresh every day in every shop so this
made to manage quality the liquid
mixture is fed into an ice machine in
the individual shops only solids like
chocolate are added separately like bits
of cookies for the best-selling crema
dick chrome it all started seven years
ago in this small ice cream parlor in
Turin four years later Rome arrived in
New York's Greenwich Village
today the business men from Turin run 48
shops on three continents most of them
in Italy
the ice-cream menu changes every month
the current specialty cream the ice
cream with amarena cherries the flavors
on offer always depend on the season
for example now we have beach melon and
apricots there that we cultivate in our
farm - and we only ever in this season
in winter we do not have a pitcher or
men we have mandarina or we have pierce
or apples
pterence gourmet expert Gigi para Vani
has known Grom from the beginning in his
opinion the company has started a trend
in Italy not everyone in Italy loves
this ice cream people are used to Mama's
flavors or homemade desserts and for
this reason is taken some time for this
type of quality ice cream and the
different ways enjoyed to become
accepted and enjoyed by everyone
Guido Martin Eddie develops the recipe
for each flavor himself and he doesn't
mind sharing them to make a beautiful
peach sorbet at home you take 250 grams
of peaches 130 of water and 120 of the
sugar you mix them together and when you
have the mix you put in the gelato
machine and you with it sounds simple
but it's clearly not something anyone
could do if it were
groms ice cream would not be as popular
as it is